[RFC] Development docs: add commit message conventions (#117)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/develprocess.md

### Goals

The main goals behind the commit message rules are:

* consistency among our respositories,
* easier code review,
* easier code archeology(Good commit messages help a lot when trying to understand a piece of code, especially to answer this essential question: *WHY*?),
* following a set of largely accepted conventions in Free and Open Source Software development,
* be good citizens when contributing to upstream projects.

There could be more goals, but they are not covered by the minimal set of rules in this document. For example: permitting scripting changelog generation, with a separation between security fixes, features and bug fixes. This is left for each individual project to define.

### Structure of a commit message

The widely accepted structure is:

```
Short subject
                             [blank line]
Body:
description
of the
changes
(why and what)
                             [blank line]
Footer
```

### First line: short subject

Here's a challenge: it must remains really short (50 characters is the convention, but in this minimal set of rules we'll allow up to 70 characters), but also ideally answer three essential questions:

> * Is it a feature, a bugfix, a security fix (*type*)?

Author: ```suggestion
* Is it a feature, a bugfix, a security fix, a refactoring, a documentation update, etc. (*type*)?
```

For good examples, go look at the commit history from the Xen project or from the linux kernel project. At first, maybe you'll think "Wow, those commit messages are really verbose, why don't they just rely on the code to understand the changes?". But it's done precisely for the reasons exposed above and is necessary for projects of that scope and gathering so many different contributors, some of which just contribute once then disappear.

Verbs that describe what you did are in the imperative form. Lines should not be longer than 70 characters.

### Message footer

#### Referencing issues

Whenever possible, reference public issues or forum threads. No specific wording enforced. It can be for example any of the following, unless the project you are committing to enforces stricter rules:

* `Related to ...`
* `See ...`
* `References: ...`
* `Refs: ...`
* (`Fixes: ...`}

> * (`Closes: ...`)

Author: Because of the warning below saying that it's not suitable to every project, as some may want to close issues manually.

* Etc.

Be careful with "Fixes" or "Closes", because they can automatically close issues when the commit is merged. But what if we want the issues to be closed only when the fix or feature has been fully tested, or publically released? Check the project's processes.

#### Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)

> As a member of the Linux Foundation, XCP-ng asks every contributor to testify that they are allowed to contribute the code or documentation they submit to us. See <https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/dco> and <https://developercertificate.org/> for details. This is enforced for every repository under the GitHub `xcp-ng` and `xcp-ng-rpms` organizations.

Author: ```suggestion
As a member of the Linux Foundation, XCP-ng asks every contributor to certify that they are allowed to contribute the code or documentation they submit to us. See <contributing.md#developer-certificate-of-origin-dco> for details. This is enforced for every repository under the GitHub `xcp-ng` and `xcp-ng-rpms` organizations.
```
